# Problem Statement
The **open source bristol data website**, is a brand-new website designed and created with the purpose of making searching for information, values, and needs faster with better security for both searching and protecting your privacy. In this website, you can find bike pumps and tool stations throughout the entire Bristol. You will have 3 sections, one that will show you the name of the area, who is maintained by, the type, and insert a photo so that it can find the location faster. The second section, will be dedicated to "Bike Tool Station". This section is similar to the first one but with a twist. You can only see tool stations. The process is the same, shows a name, who is maintained by, and insert a photo. Same with the third options, just changes from "Tool station" to "On street bike pump".

# Benefits & Options
This benefits bicyclist to find a more direct and faster path to either of the needs. If they need to find a the closest tool station or bike pump and get there asap, they will have a map directing them to its selected location. The other benefits are that using the website, you can share the your location of the location of a bike pump/tool station by simply pressing the "share" button function presented on the website. This way, you don't have to take multiple screenshot and easily communicate and present a location which you might of never known without needing to know anything about it. The users will also be able to save a location. This would help incase they move cities or they leave the country, in case they forget the tool stations, or street bike pump, it will create a faster use of the map and index while giving users a faster way to use the website, benefiting users to the website's full extend. We also plan on creating a new environment for our users. We plan to create this new environment by using the google.com/search feature to implement new wanted changes from all across the country, and/or even the globe. This changes can consist in "looks, new feature addition, new ways to use the website, etc". As a different options and html file, a new options to receive feedback from users directly using the website. This way, we will have two ways to improve new changes and features to our website.

# Costs & Risks
Our buget costs are going to be mainly focused on the perfomance and quality of online servers for and maintenance of the website, to ensure compatibility with users and more. The costs will also be split into the domain for the website, the rights needed for the website, and the registration of our name and brand for no stealing or blatantly copying attempts.
